Docs: add/update frontmatter descriptions for panel config pages (#79412)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/configure-data-links/index.md

    - oss
menuTitle: Configure data links
title: Configure data links

> description: Create data links and data link variables to create links between panels

Reviewer: minor nit: 
```suggestion
description: Configure data links to create links between dashboards and link to external resources
```

Maybe we can also include info on that data links can be configured with template variables / panel data embedded but 1 sentence description might not be sufficient to also express this 😬

Author: Yeah these are meant to be pretty concise, but I'll make the edit you've suggested
